Conda chill (#48)
rbanffy/pip-chill: README.rst

 pytest==6.2.1
 ...

> Or, if you want it formatted for conda::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also supports `conda`, if installed, and will output a list formatted for it.
```

 $ pip-chill --conda
 name: myenv
 channels:
   - defaults

> dependencies:

Reviewer: Indentation here seems odd - is this block supposed to be one column to the left?

Author: you're right the indentation is a bit off here, but it was intended - just got a bit sloppy.

example from the [conda docs](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#activating-an-environment):
```
name: env-name
channels:
  - conda-forge
  - defaults
dependencies:
  - python=3.7
  - codecov
  ```
